                         Unified Modeling Language(UML)

Unified modeling language(UML) is a visual model language we can use it in software systems, the meaning of visual is give you a clear idea about how to build and design the object-oriented system and make it easier for you to understanding the structure of system and you can control the complex and huge system .UML is a modeling object-oriented system. There is a three method that affected on UML language, the first method is Object Modeling Technique(OMT) it is developed by Rumbaugh, the second method is Booch method and it is developed by Booch, and the last method is Object-Oriented Software Engineering(OOSE) and it is developed by jacobson. UML enhanced and unified these methods. It is better for you use these models because you can understand the system and you can see how the system will be. UML gives you a formal model for the system and give you the information in a different way and different level of detail. There is a small different between database developer and programmer the different is the name of model, programmer say UML but the database developer say entity relationship models, both of them use the object-oriented system so You should understand these point. The system analyst focus on algorithmic models. object-oriented developer focus on class and the relationship between the classes. There is a point you should take care about it, the point is you can not say these model is good for implementation by first try you should try to design more than one and choose the best design for you. There are many views for UML diagrams that give you some different ideas about the system, use case: we use it when you have requirements for the system, design view: we use it when we want see the problem space and solution space, process view: is a model that can process on the system, implementation view: explain how the system will be implement, deployment view: is a model that deployment the system. I will give some overview for UML, we use the models to create a code in programming language such as (java , C++ ,etc.). when you want to use the UML you should understand the basic building blocks, there are three different types we use it for building blocks; (things and relationships and diagrams) , things are object-oriented building blocks for the UML, things contain of structural things and behavioral things and annotation things and grouping things. structural things represent nouns in the UML models. behavioral
things represent behavioral and how the system will act. The benefit of grouping things is to organize the UML. The benefit of annotation things is to explain the system.
